Mithril update 2025-05-07 (#590)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-05-07-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-05-07-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2517.1`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2517.1), which fixes a client security issue discussed in this [developer blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2025/05/07/client-security-advisory). This version supports Cardano node v.10.3.1 and allows for signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots using an IOG key. It also includes various bug fixes and improvements.
> 
> The team continued progressing on the DMQ node implementation by adjusting the cadencing of the signer and aggregator state machines and developing the delayer and retrier decorators to support multiple signature publishers in the signer.
> 
> Finally, the team worked on fixing some bugs in the infrastructure, and kept refactoring the STM cryptographic library for improved clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2517.1`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2517.1), which addresses a client security issue discussed in this [developer blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2025/05/07/client-security-advisory). This version supports Cardano node v.10.3.1 and allows for signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots using an IOG key. It also includes various bug fixes and improvements.

The team continued progressing on the DMQ node implementation by adjusting the cadence of the signer and aggregator state machines and developing the delayer and retrier decorators to support multiple signature publishers in the signer.

Finally, they worked on fixing some bugs in the infrastructure and kept refactoring the STM cryptographic library for improved clarity.
```
